[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men to ever
chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I'm gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors,
the Straw Hats formed
an alliance with Law,
intending to destroy a Devil
Fruit Factory in Dressrosa.
In response, Doflamingo trapped
the kingdom inside a barrier
and challenged
all present to a game.
[NARRATOR]
As the Straw Hats do battle with
the fierce fighters of
the Don Quixote Family,
Luffy and Law rush
to the royal palace
to take down Doflamingo himself.
[LAW]
What did you do?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Right now, beneath the skin,
my strings are
reconstructing the organs
you so rudely damaged.
Just takes a little creativity.
No way!
That's the color of the
Supreme King's Haki clashing!
That brat can use it, too?
[LUFFY]
Go to hell! Mingo!
Gum-Gum...
[TREBOL chuckles]
[TREBOL]
Doffy's madness...
...will tear apart
this world at the seams!
...Eagle Bazooka!
[gasps]
[DOFLAMINGO]
Athlete!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
This is a joke. Just give up!
Stick-Stickem, away!
[gasps] What is this stuff?
[TREBOL laughs]
This is just sad.
A nobody like you never had
a chance of beating Doffy!
Agh! Let me go!
I got an ass-kicking to give!
[laughs] We'll kill you
in good time, don't worry.
Wait here while we
finish up with Law.
Where were we?
That's right!
Stomping in your head!
Doffy. Go ahead.
I'll keep Straw Hat right here.
Don't let that squirrely little
bastard try any more tricks.
Hey! Don't ignore me!
We were having a fight!
Law can't even move,
you big, evil jerk!
I said you'll get
your turn, didn't I?
Lemme go, you weirdo!
Why are you so icky?
I'm sticky!
[panting]
[grunting]
[gasps]
[TREBOL]
Ugh, you got me!
Sorry, kid, I fooled you!
[laughs] It's no use!
What? That's not right!
Armament Haki
should work on Logia!
[TREBOL]
Ain't that funny!
But what makes you so sure
I'm a Logia-type?
Whatever I am, you can't win
if you can't touch me!
Rubber dummy!
[LAW]
Straw Hat!
Ignore him. He's trash.
Just paper-mache
covered in snot.
[gasps]
Wha-- Wha--
What did you just call me?!
When I was a kid,
I was offered the Heart Throne.
But why would I want to be
associated with all of you?
You're buffoons.
Bu-Buffoons, are we?
We're the Top Executives!
Nobody is cooler than us!
Your mouth still works,
if nothing else.
You're half dead already.
What do you know?
Executives like me
run the Family,
and the Family runs Dressrosa!
And now, we're running it into
the ground, just like you!
Stick-Stickem...
...Launcher!
[TREBOL yelling]
You cheater!
Why don't you fight with
somebody who can fight back?!
Law! You bastard!
[LUFFY gasps]
Okay, you brat.
You'd better listen up!
Step aside, Doffy!
I'm gonna teach you
a lesson, Law.
Doffy is King.
His will is absolute
and we all respect that.
However, there's no hierarchy
between him and the
four Top Executives.
We're equals, okay?
Y'know why that is?
'Cause one day,
30-something years ago,
a gift fell from Heaven
and the four of us were
smart enough to see it for
what it was and nurture it!
We gave him the
power he deserved
and turned him into
what he is today.
A true champion of evil!
[TREBOL]
You knocked everyone out cold
on your own, little guy?
That's powerful Haki! Wow!
And it's the Supreme
King's color, too!
You were chosen
by Heaven itself.
Your Haki is the proof!
[TREBOL] Do you want me
to give you the strength
to take revenge?
[DOFLAMINGO]
Father.
I'm going to take your head
back to the Holyland!
You said they tried to kill you
when you went to Mariejois?
But you brought your
father's head. What's the deal?
Anyway, we're all happy
you made it back here alive!
It's a miracle.
You belong with us!
Huh?
Doffy.
Doffy, your power proves
you have the quality
of a conqueror.
Doffy, we support you
in everything that you do.
Doffy, all we ask of you
is that you show us
your wildest dreams!
[gasps]
Well, pal? Whaddya say?
[TREBOL]
Huh? Is something wrong, Doffy?
What is that bruise
on your forehead?
Some street thug did it.
The jerk. I wish he was dead.
Okay. I understand.
[THUGS laughing]
Huh?
Huh? What do you want?
Just one little question.
You're the guy who roughed up
Doffy earlier, aren't you?
Oh, that little brat? I just
teased him a little! [laughs]
[THUGS gasp]
He was just having some fun.
Let's calm down, man!
What's wrong with you?
Who are you bastards
anyway? [gasps]
So glad you asked.
We're the Don Quixote Family.
C'mon. Please don't
do it! Don't kill me!
Look at that!
He passed out! [laughs]
[THUG H]
Wh-What is with this kid?
I'm gonna need you fellas
to disappear for me.
Doffy wants your turf.
[THUG M]
Sure, just don't shoot!
We're begging you!
[DIAMANTE]
Adios!
What happened?
Did some jackass hurt you again?
[DOFLAMINGO] No, I just tripped
on a crack in the road.
How awful,
where exactly is this town?
Oh, I see. Yep.
We're gonna hafta to do
something about this.
[TOWNSPEOPLE screaming]
[TOWNSMEN laughing]
[TOWNSMAN C gasps] Doflamingo
Family, coming this way!
[TREBOL]
Listen, Doffy. You're a king.
That means no one is
allowed to defy your will.
And if they do,
we'll stomp 'em out.
[TREBOL] You may not feel
like a king just yet.
But one day, I swear, you'll be
the ruler of all the seas.
We always had faith
in Doffy as our king.
And we instilled that faith
in his underlings, too.
And now, that vision
has become a reality,
because we saw Doffy
for what he truly was
and upheld our devotion
to his cause!
Just like a real family.
And that's how Doffy
treats us in return.
[laughs] Nothing else to say?
Or maybe you remembered
that my mucus is flammable.
I can shut you up for good
whenever I like,
with a flick of--
What a joke.
Real family?
[LAW]
Only an idiot like you would
buy that into crap, Trebol.
[gasps]
His dream is everything,
but you only matter
so long as you serve it.
And you are not equals, either.
All of you are
disposable to him.
Wha?! What did you
just say to me?
Take a good look at yourself.
It's all just a lie.
You act like you're
some "chief of staff,"
but I can see the truth.
You're a clown.
Doflamingo's puppet.
[gasps] A clown and
a puppet, you say?!
Unforgiveable!
[DOFLAMINGO] Stop!
You're falling into a trap!
[LAW]
Room!
You're inside his Room!
[TREBOL] He was barely
alive in the first place
and now he's covered from
head to toe in my mucus.
What the hell is he gonna do?
I won't blow you up after all.
'Cause that's not
nearly painful enough.
I want your end to be
as gruesome as possible!
C'mon! Open your mouth already!
Let him go!
Or do I need to do it for you?
I'm shoving this
down your throat!
Time for you to
say goodbye, Law!
I won't blow you up after all.
'Cause that's not
nearly painful enough.
I want your end to be
as gruesome as possible!
C'mon! Open your mouth already!
Let him go!
Or do I need to do it for you?
I'm shoving this
down your throat!
Time for you to
say goodbye, Law!
Stop it!
Don't forget.
I'm a captain, too.
If I leave you and Doflamingo
for Straw Hat to defeat alone,
I'd be abandoning my pride.
You're stuck on the ground
like a miserable worm.
What pride do you have left?
I'm so sick of you! Just die!
[LAW]
Takt!
[TREBOL]
What the?
No!
Sterben Blade!
Pigya!
[LEO gasps]
Is something wrong? Leo?
[gasps]
[DWARVES gasp]
What's up, little bros?
You started looking towards
the palace all of a sudden.
I... I don't quite
understand why,
but it feels like a giant weight
has just been
lifted off my chest.
Huh? Save it. No time for
fuzzy feelings now.
[DWARVES]
Huh?
[FRANKY] I know we just
destroyed the factory,
but we gotta haul ass,
or we'll get wrecked.
We're all counting
on you, Luffy.
[LUFFY]
What happened? Huh?
Blood! Did this come
from that icky guy? [gasps]
[TREBOL panting]
[panting]
[gasps] That's kinda weird!
So, under all that
goop and stuff,
he was actually super skinny?
That's why my punch
couldn't hit him?
Not some secret ability?
[TREBOL groaning]
[panting]
[TREBOL panting]
Damn you, Law.
[panting]
I tried to warn you!
What the hell kind of
plan was that? [groans]
Shooting your arm at me?
You little cheater.
You wanna play like that?
Law. You can die with me!
[LAW gasps]
You've lost it!
Put away the fire!
See you in hell, Law!
[LEO] The whole palace
just burst into flames!
What happened up there?
[USOPP gasps]
This is not what we need!
Luffy.
Hey, Viola! What's up? Tell us!
[VIOLET] Trebol, the last
Top Executive, was defeated!
[USOPP]
How's Luffy?
[VIOLET gasps] I see
Doflamingo! And Straw Hat!
Not dead! Okay!
[VIOLET]
Yes. Now all that's left
is for them to
defeat Doflamingo.
I see them! They're coming here!
Luffyland!
Do you think he'll be okay?
We have to back him up
somehow, Cub!
Yeah!
[ROBIN]
We probably shouldn't.
In fact, we'd likely
just get in his way.
Look close.
That man with Luffy is
a Warlord, like Doflamingo.
That's Trafalgar Law.
[BOTH gasp]
[ROBIN]
And he's in pretty bad shape!
[LEO]
Lawland!
Luffy! Down here!
Let me take Traffy!
[LUFFY]
Robin! Good idea!
He's hurt, but Traffy
held his own against Mingo!
[ROBIN]
Oh no! His arm!
I've got you!
Cien Fleurs: Spider Net!
What happened to Lawland's arm?
We'll get through this.
Don't worry. I've got you.
Nico Robin!
[ROBIN gasps]
I don't want you
butting in on our fight!
The man's still
breathing, isn't he?
Then I'm not done with him!
Doflamingo!
[LUFFY] Leave Traffy alone!
This is our fight now!
This'll finish you!
[gasps]
All right, Gum-Gum...
Bullet String!
...Hawk Whip!
[gasps] Damn it!
You have to flee!
[DOFLAMINGO chuckles]
Robin! Run away!
[NARRATOR]
Carrying on in Law's place,
Luffy begins the final
showdown with Doflamingo.
Red Hawk blazing,
he faces the wicked king's
terrifying techniques head-on.
Meanwhile, the citizens
of Dressrosa flee
from the tightening
threads of the Birdcage,
in what they fear may be
their kingdom's final day.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!